chore: state the need for punctuations in docs (#305)
cognitedata/indsl: docs-source/source/contribute.rst

    * A parameter name must have 30 characters or less, excluding units defined within square brackets ``[]``
      (more on this below). Square brackets are only allowed to input units in a parameter name. Using brackets within
      a parameter name for something different to units might generate an error in the pre-commit tests.
    * Must end with a period punctuation mark ``.`` The punctuation after the parameter name will not be

>       shown in the front end, but must be included in the docstrings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      shown in the Charts user interface, but must be included in the docstrings.
```
